the light is my strength certainly
justice shall be done Prince Arthas
there's something amiss at the bridge
ahead certainly for honor justice shall
be done a sound plan milord
someone has destroyed the bridge from
the far side of the river there is
another way to cross but it is not as
safe as it used to be
of course slaughter them all bandits run
a sack the town below there is an
ancient fountain shrine nearby legends
say that at older waters can respect and
admire Grievous I'm here to help that
could prove to be life's full and denied
I stand for the light a sound plant
certainly of course
is there danger I stand for the light us
lock your shields and defend yourselves
their arrows won't get through
skeletons slay them all immediately
elders are under attack as my strength
of course certainly he's their danger or
honor a sound plan I'm here to help is
there danger I'm here to help
certainly of course the light is my
strength
Moses are under attack certainly
greetings we are priests from quelt the
loss we've come to help heal the land of
the strange curse you should know that
there is a granary warehouse at the far
end of this village
this evil blight may be evident there as
well I'm here to help of course
all forces are under attack for honor
sound for my father this is my age I am
your sir I'm here to help